README.md, before:

# Social Media Profile Portal

This code automates a social media profile and makes it functions as a message exchange portal. It monitors incoming messages, pairs users based on their message content, and then relays each new message between matched users. The current implementation uses instagram as a social platform and chatGPT to modify relayed messages in a way that makes it seem like they are comming from the automated profile.

> Python >= 3.10 is required.

## Setup

Follow the below (basic) steps to set up this project:

1. Clone the repo with `git clone https://github.com/kuco23/Chat-Portal.git`.
1. Set up your virtual environment with `python -m venv .venv` then run `source .venv/bin/activate` on Linux or `.venv/Scripts/activate` on Windows.
1. Install dependencies with `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
1. Create `.env` file and fill in the fields specified in `.env.template`.
1. Run the program with `python run.py`.

Note that you can also modify the default configuration parameters inside `config.cfg`

## Code architecture

The code is modular, cosisting of parts described by interfaces inside `src/interface.py`. The main code module is the `Portal` class with the `IPortal` interface, which is initialized by a `IDatabase` interfaced class and an `ISocialPlatform` interfaced class.

- The `IDatabase` interface is implemented by the `Database` class, which is a wrapper around an `SqlAlchemy` orm.
- The `ISocialPlatform` interface is implemented by the `Instagram` class, which is a wrapper around the [instagrapi](https://github.com/subzeroid/instagrapi) library. You can implement more social media platforms inside the `src/platforms` folder.
- The `IPortal` interface is implemented by the `Portal` abstract class, which is inherited by the `GptPortal` class. You can implement more portals inside the `src/portals` folder.

## Dev notes

- Ideally the social media platform api used would stream newly received messages (e.g. as implemented in [fbchat](https://github.com/fbchat-dev/fbchat)), but that is usually not the case (e.g. as with [instagrapi](https://github.com/subzeroid/instagrapi)), so our interface is adjusted to messages being fetched from the social media server in batches. If your social platform implementation can stream messages, you should store them in a buffer and return them in the `getNewMessages` method.
- The entities have two functions. The first is to serve as an object representing users and messages that can be constructed by the social platform. This can construct entities that do not hold the same data as in the database. Thinking of a better solution for this, but for now, any time something is obtained from the social platform, it is either stored in the database and retrieved later, or immediately overriden by the database based entity.

Commit message:

need code as package for a server - add poetry

README.md, after:

# Chat Portal

This code automates a social media profile and makes it functions as a message exchange portal. It monitors incoming messages, pairs users based on their message content, and then relays each new message between matched users. The current implementation uses Instagram as a social platform and chatGPT to modify relayed messages in a way that makes it seem like they are comming from the automated profile.

> Python >= 3.10 is required.

## Standalone usage

Follow the below steps to set up this project:

1. Clone the repo with `git clone https://github.com/kuco23/Chat-Portal.git`.
1. Set up your virtual environment with `python -m venv .venv` then run `source .venv/bin/activate` on Linux or `.venv/Scripts/activate` on Windows.
1. Install dependencies with `pip install -r requirements.txt`.
1. Create `.env` file and fill in the fields specified in `.env.template`.
1. Run the program with `python run.py`.

Note that you can also modify the default configuration parameters inside `config.cfg`

## Use as package

To use this project as a package in your own project, you can install it with `pip install chat-portal`.

## Code architecture

The code is modular, cosisting of parts described by interfaces inside `src/interface.py`. The main code module is the `Portal` class with the `IPortal` interface, which is initialized by a `IDatabase` interfaced class and an `ISocialPlatform` interfaced class.

- The `IDatabase` interface is implemented by the `Database` class, which is a wrapper around an `SqlAlchemy` orm.
- The `ISocialPlatform` interface is implemented by the `Instagram` class, which is a wrapper around the [instagrapi](https://github.com/subzeroid/instagrapi) library. You can implement more social media platforms inside the `src/platforms` folder.
- The `IPortal` interface is implemented by the `Portal` abstract class, which is inherited by the `GptPortal` class. You can implement more portals inside the `src/portals` folder.
